We've been working on the project almost 12 months now.
I had a limited knowledge of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Occasionally they knock on the door.
We only see one small part of you when you're coming around the streets
and you're knocking on doors.
I didn't even know they did these sort of projects.
And then I've learned that they've been all over the world doing these.
They're the same sort of things.
I've never been on the site, this is well run as this one.
The cleanliness of the actual site is impeccable.
Seems a very, very well-organised site.
The planning of the whole thing.
There's the walkways, the routes in and out.
It's not been exemplary.
It's been an experience.
A good one I might add.
It's opened my way through a lot of different ways of working.
When I found out that most of the people on this site were volunteers,
it was quite amazed.
It was very clear that Watchtab was so much time into their people
in terms of bringing them on, putting the skills in,
making them capable of doing the job that they wanted to do.
And that training and that time was just superb to see.
And this fella sitting next to me when I explained to him
with volunteers working at, he didn't believe me.
Everyone we speak to, there's just no chance.
They wouldn't believe us to what we see and what we experience,
which has been good.
You've got ladies driving diggers and big dumpers
and it's not very often to say that.
Construction is still a male dominated environment,
but actually to come on site and see the number of women
that are actually operating plan and actually involved in, you know,
that the cold face construction is fantastic.
Because it proves that they're able to do as good a job
and walk you around this site.
I'll be honest with you, probably a bit of job in many instances.
It's amazing how the Obi-Wan is just really nice
and just seems so relaxed and just generally really, really nice people.
You always got hello, you always got goodbye,
you always were asked how you were doing.
When you go back home you feel different, you don't have that feeling
that stress on top of you.
We came here first time and it was almost to my mind like a film set.
Everyone seemed happy all the time and it didn't seem possible to happen.
Yeah, it's just continued for the last eight months, nine months I've been here.
And it's always happy and no one can fake that.
It's great to see people that are just really positive about everything
which in a negative, sometimes society, when you pick up the papers
and look at the news, it's just when you come here,
it's just with, it's a smile on your face.
It's just been a warm, a friendly experience,
other health and safety, the briefings, they're all still done.
How can you build so fast and so accurately with such quality though?
And that's what's blown our mind.
Most of the people on site haven't got the skills when they first came here
and they're doing work as good as some of our guys.
We've probably been employed six or seven years.
Communication has been fantastic.
It's a two-way conversation when problems are raised.
It's not always a fight over money.
It's just working with each other.
There's not an argument about everything.
If something's not right, you work together to get over the problem.
To see everyone here together is all striving for the same goal.
It's fantastic.
I think what's made it great for us working with a watchtower
is that everything they want to do, they want to do it right
and do everything with passion and energy.
And it's something that we like to do ourselves as well.
Build a Gürken in the city, build Wembley Stadium,
big projects, big status.
We've pretty much seen the cast of other professionals out there.
You would not know the difference.
I've been volunteer and non-profitable outside.
It's been actually incredible to see, really.
We've learned how to work together with other people on sites.
We've learned how to work with people
that haven't been in the construction before.
Just keeping it honest and straightforward
sort of solves a lot of problems.
We wish it would be like that everywhere else,
because it's not unheard of really.
We've learned more on this site than we've learned on any site.
Probably about working with each other probably in 23 years.
I've had enjoyable experience working with Joey Witnesses.
If there was a chance to come up with another project
I'd definitely be more than willing to want to get involved.
I wish all sites could be like this,
but life would be a lot easier.
You need to get people to come to this site
and there would be a definite difference
in the way people perceive Jehovah's Witnesses.
It's certainly opened and bored in my mind
to what Jehovah Witnesses do.
The most changed my opinion of your organisation most
is you do exactly what you preach,
and I mean exactly.
You're friendly, you're forthright,
you're very truthful.
I've never been on any other projects like this.
Not at all.
I just wish all construction sites would like that.
It would be such a nice place to live and work.